doc: added '-r' command usage (#6)
ProCode2/dgen: README.md

$ ./path/to/dgen-rs -g /path/to/json
```

# Creates a blueprint form a repository

```bash
# to generate a JSON blueprint from the repository

> $ ./path/to/dgen-rs -r <username/repo of GitHub repository>

Reviewer: Good job! can this be changed to 👇 ? Open to suggestions. I wanted to include Organizations as well.
```suggestion
$ ./path/to/dgen-rs -r <Username or Organization>/<Repository Name>
# example: ./path/to/dgen-rs -r rodgeraraujo/Pokedex
```

Author: No problem, I will change this
